hey August 29,000 a sunrise Devon
Joker's rockin it out
aerial view
we got holster we gotta breathe the next
to them the lovely couple yeah the going
out right now yeah that's look about
that that's amazing that that is
absolutely been classically successfully
did mcdonald's is like it has a whole
bunch of carcinogens bday no no so i
asked Jesus labor neighbors like this
video read that out but then I look at
that cheap paper Cory's gonna eat that
oh yeah west dog Jessica kaylee and John
I love you too it's a video it's not a
picture I actually i was kidding it was
a picture look like a picture right now
Kelly knows me too well
and what is clearly doing k we do
homework oh you funny I love you too why
do you do that someone I do nothing but
like yeah and we didn't get enough Kelly
hi Kelly yeah this is supposed to be
senior sunrise it's never see people
people are leaving people are leaving
look people are straight up leaving
because there is no fun ride hey this is
e no I'm editing the video for the
senior sunrise and there's just one song
I like it's called in the air by Flo
rider featuring will.i.am and it's on
Flo riders a new album mail on Sunday
and you guys might have heard of it it
goes something like this oh that sounds
pretty good um but this is Hannah's
version of it
Devin do you want to be famous like
squeals kinda noisy do you feel like
famous squeal noise one more time what's
up how you guys doing I'm according two
gether Oh Steven looks angry Steven Jo
me to look away hey what is corey girl
Corey is throwing away his Bhutto's of
McDonald's look at all that trash
Cory you just dumped like 30 pounds of
mcdonald's trash
and then we got Tyler acting all cool
like you're cool and he has Arizona hey
how's your band doing now the camera so
that's 20 years from now when you have
like an amazing band you could like this
way starting no where'd you get some
bread out from whoa how are doing the
robot Devon flames a guitar and a deadly
okay we got Jordan Johnson I whoa whoa
oh hello I'm sorry I can't believe I got
Jordan Joe Smith's up with Jordan gianna
hella funny you're such a creeper